My daughter laughs
Hahahahahaha
Ha ha
Come on, mother, hahaha
Let's drink the medicine first. Come on.
If I don’t drink and get my sleeves back, I won’t be able to live.
okay
Is it useful to live or die?
Look at the good son you taught
Sold his own sister to be a concubine
I have a lot of trouble with my subordinates. This family should not live anymore.
Daddy, how about the second and third child?
I've made inquiries around the Liu Mansion.
This is not asking anything, and I also went to my eldest brother’s house.
Big brother
I'll go find the keeper myself
I'd rather ask him what's on his mind
What are you doing? Don't tell him that he is from the Black Heart family.
Let me tell you that there will be peaceful days
Just listen to my advice
Just lie down well in the house.
Ah, brother, it’s useless if you go there
It's of no use
Isn't this what he filmed electronically?
Ah, big brother
Brother, he is crazy
crazy
Yes Yes
What's wrong with the villain?
He told you earlier
After the show disappeared
Liu Fugui came to the door and beat his eldest brother
Well, we just came here and saw big brother like this
A bit silly indeed
Such a good person
How can this be so stupid? This
dismantle
He has to be dealt with
Just seal it up. Stop talking about it. This is called retribution.
How long has it been and you are still protecting the boss?
You really have a boss now
When will it work?
The school gate is your own
You don't feel bad
I feel bad
I smile pitifully
my poor heart
My mother
I won’t be able to take photos of my breasts
My mother is no longer alive either
My poor Xiu'er
do not Cry
daughter
You guys are laughing
father
Mother, look
Xiao Niang
The smile is back, mother
lol
is it you
Qing'er, where have you been? You're almost dying of worry.
Xiuer
You were the one who saved me from Liu Fugui.
He was afraid that Liu Fugui would come to the door and he would have to hide me.
Didn’t I know that Liu Fugui was dead before I dared to go home?
Mom, I’m having such a hard time
Just come back if you don't cry, just come back
Mom, how did you save my sister-in-law?
Why don't you tell your family?
Didn’t milk say that?
Just come back
Shen Nuo
What
strangeness
You agreed to meet here
Shen Nuo
How does that go
Wuzhonglian has handed over the location of the mine to me.
Then he arranged for me to deliver the goods.
13 also informed Woods’ people
Now as long as I touch the mine and find the evidence
This Wuzhong United cannot escape.
13 Let’s go with you
He stays here waiting for Wood Temple
I will go with a few brothers from Heiguzhai.
How are you doing at home?
After my sister-in-law came home, everyone in the family felt at ease.
Thank you for this
If you hadn't come up with the idea
I also called the brothers from Black Tiger Village to come over and help.
There is no way my sister-in-law can be saved
If your sister-in-law hadn’t been arrested,
I can't think of a solution so quickly either.
Liu Fugui calls Wu Zhonglian community’s right-hand man
Give me the map
Speaking of which
I still have to thank you. You're welcome.
When will you leave on the 5th anniversary? Tomorrow
Pretty fast haha
What's wrong
fine
Be careful
I'm afraid that after you complete your mission
Won't come back
do not worry
give me a month
Wait until I reply and finish applying the noodles
I will definitely come to you
No oaths allowed
Yeah, me, you
Wait for it to be easier
How nice are the guests this winter solstice?
Dear guests
This holiday, I will give you a plate of side dishes for each of you.
Let me think about it
Thank you, gentlemen, let's go
The next two
You two have no money
dad
Why don't you go call my sister-in-law out?
Let him make wontons and bask in the sun with everyone else
you say
I don’t know how much benefit the eldest brother received from Liu Fugui.
He actually harmed Qiu like this
I heard my mother say
Xiuer had a nightmare last night
I talked nonsense all night long
sister
Oh, this guy
I really can’t help but think about it.
I just came to take a look
Has Xiuer been found?
Got it back
Just get it back
Just come back
sister-in-law
You come here
That's right
Your elder brother is going crazy right now.
There is always trouble in the city
About to run to the street
I have to take care of the housework alone
I need to decoct and feed medicine again
We still have to search for him in the streets.
I really can’t take care of it anymore.
So I was wondering if I could
Our family members
what does it mean
You want us to take care of you, big brother?
Stop it
Your sister-in-law
If I hadn't thought of a way to rescue Xiu,
Xiu is not necessarily a lonely ghost somewhere now.
Even though things are like this, you still want us to take care of you, brother?
How dare you think
Second sister-in-law, please say a few words.
Then I'm telling the truth
My mother doesn’t recognize her son now.
Naturally, we don’t have any relatives like this.
Is it crazy to join forces?
It has nothing to do with me
Why don’t you look for Sister Hua?
Your sister Hua'er is now eating other people's clothes and wearing other people's clothes.
Everything depends on the Song family.
You said we are parents?
What can’t you bring to your children?
Instead, send him a crazy father
adult
The Song government must not make an issue out of this matter in the future.
I'm treating you badly, Sister Hua'er
Then your sister Hua'er will be in Song Mansion from now on
But how can we survive?
Look, look, look
All good things belong to your family
Bad things remind us
Who is this? This is
auntie
You just said that uncle is running around like crazy
You can't take care of it alone
Have you ever thought about your sister-in-law?
He had nightmares all night
Cry at every turn
What if I brought my uncle home to take care of me?
The little girl must have gone crazy when she saw him.
Just say it again
Even if we agree
I wouldn't agree anyway
yeah
What are you doing?
ah
Good one
today winter solstice
I
Go out and get some drinks
Does the wine my mom makes not taste good or something?
You still go out and spend money?
Drinking
Just pretend
That boss deserves it
If you help them, I won't be done with you.
Even if the boss is not allowed to go home
Give your eldest daughter-in-law some money
let him
Find a mother-in-law to help take care of the boss.
Isn't this bad?
No matter what you say
These are all our biological sons, right?
I never gave birth to this son
Letting go is not
How can I do without you? No hum.
Yeah, that mother-in-law helped you and we both drilled together.
Give it down
Then go yourself
ah
OK
What if your uncle was really crazy?
It must be quite exciting to make a fuss.
Sister-in-law is a woman who really can’t hold her back
It must be particularly difficult
How about we tell Sister Hua?
What if Sister Hua doesn’t want to care about this matter anymore?
younger sister
Your father is going to the hospital to get medicine for your milk.
When he comes back, ask him to go to the Song family for a run.
Forget it TV elders
If I go there, I'll be disappointed.
Can't keep face
I'll go there later
Brothers, cheer up.
There are no guests in the house today
Miss Lian, please come back.
I really have a key next week that I need to discuss with Sister Jia.
Please also ask me to pass you on
Aren't you making things difficult for me?
I can only try
Lady Ruosi still refuses to see her
Then I have no other option
I asked you not to drink. Please stop drinking this time. I'm getting up late.
Now I'm talking to you too
See how the eldest young master trains you
Oh, stop being so long-winded. It’s like you didn’t drink.
If you delay his user at a glance, we both have to finish it.
Hurry up the mountain
user
there
right
go
I'm coming
You two are useless
Not sure what day it is?
If the time is wasted
I will bury you under my pocket
The boy knows his mistake. The boy knows his mistake.
What are you still doing?
Hurry up and load the goods
You guys come here
After loading the goods, follow the route marked on the map
Do not leave the team during the journey
You guys owe death to each other
Do you know what to do?
Don't worry, Master
We will follow you carefully
Wu Zhongnian, you gave me the location of the mine
As long as the magic mine is found correctly
Wu Zhongnian can no longer run away
who
Which of you brought the tail?
You stay and grab the goods quickly
Others chase me
Stop, stop
You go quickly
Squirrel, don't let the gun escape and catch him.
ah
Worthy of being a Martial Arts Officer
Really good skill
But today
You're afraid you won't be able to run away
Where did he go?
Where are the people?
Are there any over there?
Didn't you see it?
Don't make a sound
I promise something will happen
Ahhhhh
ah
Have a meal
Forgot girl
What happened
During the day, I went to Song Mansion
Overheard that Song Mansion was scary
Said he had to go up the mountain to pick up the goods
I thought it was so strange
I just followed him and took a look.
Sure enough, I saw Song Haikun appear in a mine
The middle-aged Wu sent Lang Jun to transport the mines
Why let Song Haikun do the same thing?
he is in danger
HRE driver
80% of it is not a mine but a trap
Don't worry first
Before Lang Jun sets off
I've seen the map given to him by the Fifth Central League leaked
Let's go and walk quickly now
Oh, who do I think you are?
Isn’t this Boss Song?
We met at the Fifth Master’s house
We are a fruit picker together, remember?
Ah ha ha ha ha
Stop this fight
Do you think I came here to talk to you?
Since Boss Song likes to go straight to the point
Then I won’t pretend anymore
let me go
I let go of me
Master, go quickly
No, we can't survive if you don't leave.
Go and save Shen Long
Go, go, go
Chase
Damn girl, look at you, you are tired of living
Do something bad to Master Wu
See how he handles you. Stop.
Fifth Master
Why haven't Mr. Hou's people brought back any news?
You won't let that kid get away, right?
with their ability
Shen Nuo can't last long
But if people really run away
Will he
The men with Woods are coming to us.
Now this Miss Lian
I do know the location of the mine.
The lovely person is in my hands
Even if the people from Wood Temple come,
They are fearless
What can you do to me?
Ah yes
We are protected by the Marquis
Even today's officials
How much do you remember Mr. Hou?
No matter who comes
All together
Cut grass
dig up the roots
Wind, take a break
All dead. All dead.
brothers are dead
I have no shame to hate you five times
I don't have the face to face their families
I don't have the nerve to hug him
Don’t worry, Fourth Brother
I will definitely run this time
Lang Jun
Are you okay?
What happened?
I ambushed us with a shot in the face
Only the fourth child and I survived
why are you here
Why are you injured?
I'm fine, it's Miss Mal
Instead, the girl
she
She was captured by Song Haikun
He started looking for me whenever he wanted
Said he was following people from the Song family
Found the location of the mine
He just guessed
You will definitely fall into the fist of Wuzhonglian
Until we arrive
Song Kaikun came over with his people
He touched me without saying a word
sorry
I failed to protect him
Wait until the fourth child returns to the village.
Lang Jun can't
We haven't arrived yet
It's too dangerous for you to go alone to save people.
Call me dangerous immediately
How can I sit still and wait for death
If Manan is hurt
I'm staring at the fifth anniversary
Give it back a hundred times a thousand times
Lao Jun takes Lao Sun back to the village Lao Jun
ah
yeah
A girl's family
Why bother overestimating your own capabilities?
You must be my enemy
The fifth master is joking
I'm a restaurant owner
How can I stand up to you?
Miss Liang and Shen Lao
younger brother
Design together close to me
You also helped him find iron ore to eat.
It seems that I really underestimate you.
I just went to the office to find Sister Jia
I accidentally heard what the servant said
What to transport up the mountain?
I just thought
Doesn’t Shen Nuo also want to transport a batch of goods for you?
I thought he was also on the mountain
So I went along
What what mine?
I really don't know
Zhuangyuan red and white blue bottom
Good name
How did Miss Lin come up with the idea?
Drunk the housekeeper of Liu Mansion
Let the Liu family go
He also took the opportunity to steal Liu Fugui's jade token.
Design to frame Boss Cao
am I right
I do not know what you're talking about
Capture Boss Cao
He is an official sent by the imperial court
And what about the goods shipped by Boss Cao?
It's not mined from my mine.
This small land near the water
There were actually court officials coming to inspect
all of these
Thanks to your friendship
Deputy Ambassador Woods
Deliberating the Lord
Since Boss Wu already knows
You could kill me with one knife
Why do Africans trap me here?
It's easy to kill you
But what if Brother Shen comes to see me?
The two of you have a deep love for each other
Of course I have to wait for him
So that it may be fulfilled for you
Love each other
My boss is really looking down on me.
I'm just a female companion when he plays in the fields
not important at all
It doesn't matter
No one can run away
The silent man is coming
Who stops?
Where is Lian Maier?
Sure enough, he still came
Brother Shen, oh no
I have to call you Mr. Deputy Ambassador
Fuji-sama’s martial arts skills are truly amazing
You were able to escape even if the Marquis was ambushing you with his death potential.
Now you dare to come alone
Wu
I really admire you
Let me ask you where is Lian Maier?
Brother Chen
I trust you so much in vain
Probably when you first met me
Just keep an eye on me
Have you ever thought about it?
Maybe it's worse than this
Since Brother Shen is so open-minded
Then I won’t hide it
No matter why Woods sent you
today
Don't even think about getting out of this desk.
And this one
Miss Lian
Not brother
Don't act rashly
what do you want to do
Not as good as us
How about hurting the people again?
Up or not
Not down
No one is as great as him, and heaven is greater than him
One is not above but below
stuck in the middle
in the middle
I don’t have to beat around the bush anymore.
You just want to say one for one
Trade my life for his, right?
Wow, Brother Shen is still so smart.
That
Please do it
Yeah, deputy dean
Brother Shen
Your relationship with Miss Lian is extraordinary.
why now
I can't bear to do anything to myself.
You let him go
little brother
I can have today
All thanks to you
Ah ah ah ah ah
Um
Uh-huh
go to hell
god i
Yes Yes Yes yes Yes
I feel melancholy for the fallen flowers